---
layout: post
hidden: false
published: true
title: "#1: Goblin Fucks up a Summoning"
lead: When a hot demon she-wolf gets you pinned...
type: Lore Dump
image: ../assets/png/lilith-half.png
alt: Lilith half body artwork, commissioned from twitter@sir_lorart
caption: Drawn by twitter@sir_lorart, Commissioned by me
no_date: true
---

# Goblin fucks up a summoning

Goblin was a tragically single wolf. Ever since the mercenary wars had broken out across the 
badlands, his corporate private-military gig with Mann Co had him posted to some remote shack 
guarding some abandoned goldmine owned by Mann Co. While technically this territory _was_ within 
the badlands, and therefore a valid 'target' for the conflict, the minor value that this 
well-since dry goldmine held was no motivation for Reliable Excavation Demolition _or_ the 
Builders League United to divert mercs' from the dustbowl. Alas, Goblin had been posted to a 
very hot _and_ very isolated pile of dust. Within the first week or so of his posting he'd 
already explored as far as he was willing to go into those dangerously unmaintained tunnels 
(with not a single spec of gold to show for it!), and little else of the mine complex survived 
well enough to be interesting. His only task he found himself doing was sweeping the dust out of 
his small wood and nail shack that he used as accomodation. The building was attached to the old 
rail line, so likely an old signal house or something, he had guessed. The hot, dry wind that 
wafted across the dunes of the badlands perpetually pushing the dust and heat in through every 
crack it could find.  

_Oh how I'd kill for some company..._ 

Goblin grinned at the irony of the statement. Perhaps so many dusty days alone really had 
damaged his sense of humour. Wolves were pack animals! He needed a pack. He wasn't used to going 
so long without an Alpha to keep him in check. More than that, without a pack, he couldn't 
satisfyingly meet his... needs.

Every week, Mann Co would deliver a supply crate containing his 
bare necessities, plus some seemingly random junk. It honestly didn't surprise him how much 
random junk Mann Co somehow managed to stock. They collected trinkets, artifacts and seemingly 
occult items from all around world, simply collecting so that they would own the monopoly on the 
'Late middle-ages artifact from North-eastern Dustbowl' market.Goblin could only assume Mann Co 
was using him and his remote posting to offload whatever junk was sitting around the warehouse 
that they didn't actually want. One week he got a set of padlocks crafted with various unknown 
metals, intricate engravings across the lock bodies, no keys of course. The next week he got a 
kitchen sink, no faucet. The week after he got a set of worn keys, of which none matched the 
padlocks received prior. Another week, he received a container mostly full of various rubber and 
plastic scraps- some of which were quite stretchy, and looked liked someone had used them as a 
sketching pad at one point. Usually Mann Co would at least honour him with a crate or two of 
Scrumpy. They never lasted long.

This week though, as he hauls the haphazard nailed wooden crate inside out of the dust and 
evening sun, he hears light rattling from inside the crate. It wasn't the addicting sound of 
glass bottles rattling, nor was it the dead-heavy silence of receiving a (suspisciously 
well-packed) kitchen sink. Settling the crate in the middle of his 
signal-house-turned-accomodation, he set to work cracking it open. Dust spilled off the lid, 
pouring out of the cracks and crevices as Goblin crowbarred apart the crate. He'd have to sweep 
the floor again after this.   

Inside his weekly crate he finds the usual. Dry rations, MREs, some clothes, some empty jars, 
bottled water... When he gets to the bottom, buried under a dusty scratchy blanket, he finds 
something new. Something different. Dropping the blanket to the side, not caring for the dust he 
would inevitably have to shake out of it later. This time, Mann Co decided they'd send him some 
sort of... book? Tome? He wasn't sure. It was the first time Mann Co had sent him something 
remotely interesting that he could actually _use_ to pass the time. It sure as hell looked 
fancy, and _old_ too. Its covers bordered by a thick galvanized metal, their dark grey pitted 
surfaces surprisingly cool to the touch - especially for this time of year out in the Badlands, 
which, by the way, is definitely not a place a wolf should be posted, but here we are.

No, this fancily bound, and ancient looking tome seemed to _reject_ the heat, simply as if it 
could choose to ignore it. The book was a hard cover, some sort of metal-framed wood and 
leather. Down the side it had a latch with a padlock. 

_What a tease._ Goblin thought, frustrated. Of course, the first somewhat interesting thing 
they'd sent him, and they forget to unlock it for him. Moving with realization, Goblin retrieved 
the bundle of keys Mann Co had sent prior. Goblin began trying them one at a time. This 
godforsaken dustbin of a goldmine was going to drive him insane if he didn't have something to 
do.

Much to his own surprise, one of the keys _actually_ fit, and with a satisfying 'thunk' and a 
twist, the padlock popped off. A small cloud of dust billowed out from the book, almost as if a 
seal had been broken on this ancient tome. As if it hadn't been opened in centuries and was 
holding in years of secrets.

---

One thing was for sure: this was no ordinary book. Goblin had 'read' it cover to cover. Most of 
the tome was written in various languages and scripts, most of which he couldn't truly read. For 
the most part, he just followed the drawn diagrams and depictions on each page. Depictions of 
rituals, groups of people and not-quite-people in tight circles, hands raised. Beastfolk like 
himself receiving gifts. Othertimes being shown in depictions of sacrifices, of which many were 
human. The occasional passage was in English, giving Goblin glimpses of an occult group 
embroiled in a world of dark rituals and satanic devotions. As much as he brushed it off as one 
of the eclectic goods that Mann Co would tend to collect in the dusty backrooms of its 
warehouses, he couldn't. Something about it, the imagery, the languages, he just couldn't get it 
off his mind. Over the following weeks, Goblin would wake violently in the night, panting. 
Tongue lolling out of his maw with images and visions of worship and sacrifices filling his mind 
and ears. Sometimes he would wake, convinced that he could hear chanting outside, deep, 
growling. Inhuman. But it would always fade, leaving him panting and alone in the badlands. Then 
he started to find himself waking no longer in his bed, but outside. Tome in arms, kneeling 
almost as if in prayer. 

There was one passage, though, that he couldn't stop thinking about. One of the few chapters in 
the whole tome written entirely in English, _with_ diagrams. A chapter that spoke of summoning. 
Of bringing forth spirits to 'cure' the 'condition' of man and beast alike. Goblin could never 
work out to what 'condition' the chapter referred. He suspected it was described in one of the 
Latin looking chapters prior. They had depictions of gaunt and sickly men and beasts, locked in 
cages. Eyes glazed and staring into the distance. Summoning, Goblin had fantasized, would be a 
_great_ way to make a new friend. Anything for company.

The depictions in this 'summoning' chapter were more... interesting then most. Goblin mostly 
attributed this to the wanton lack of clothing, and somewhat depressingly crude depictions of 
carnal release. This, Goblin decided, was something he wanted. After weeks and weeks in the 
Badlands with nothing but the weekly Mann Co deliveries. Weeks without a pack. He needed 
_something_, _anything_. 

---

He cleared aside a large section of the floor in the middle of his signal house accomodation, 
sending dust and sand billowing. His Mann Co supplies scattered to the side of the room, near 
the walls, his cot haphazard pushed into a corner. The last of the late evening light casting 
long shadows againts the walls.

Using a claw, Goblin sliced a small gash into the pad of his right fore-paw. Using the blood 
slowly dripping forth, he began to draw on the floor of his wooden shack. A gruesome red streak 
painting across the wooden boards. A crude pentagram took shape. He took special care to draw it 
_exactly_ as the tome depicted. At each point on the pentagram, he drew a symbol. The symbol was 
born out of some runic script he had never seen before. The tome left several pages describing 
there exact meaning, or so Goblin thought. It was written in Latin, or something similar. 
Copying the runes exactly as the tome depicted them, hed bled and etched the last details into 
the pentagram.

Goblin clenched his paw, stopping the slow flow of red. He took little time to admire his work, 
hurredly proceeding to the next 'step' depicted in the book. Standing in the middle of the 
pentagram, tome in hand. He began to chant. The phrase was something resembling the Latin from 
the previous chapters, but he recognised none of the words. He guessed at pronunciations and 
emphasis, but seeminigly each word as it would come, would exit his mouth unfumbled and in 
perfect pronunciation. He started to raise his voice, the energy and heat within the room rising 
as he neared the end of the chant. His paws raising, a natural progression as his chant gained 
energy and vigor. With a growl he spat out the last word of the chant and stood, panting. 
His tongue once again hanging out the side of his maw as his chest heaved. He stood, waiting. 

Waiting.

Nothing happened. 

Suddenly, as if he'd just woken up, Goblin jolted, coming back to his senses. "What the fuck did 
I expect?" He sighed, dropping the tome to the floor. Turning, he gauged his handiwork across 
the floor of his living space. He flexed his paws by his side as he groaned, imagining the 
process of cleaning all this _blood_ off the floor. 

Drip.

A single drop of blood, eked out of the cut on his paw, fell onto the tome. Landing on the book, 
it immediately sizzled and popped, boiling. The tome angrily boiled the drop away, at last until 
a final wisp of steam was all that remained.

Suddenly, a deep red incandescence filled the room. Glancing around him, Goblin's breath caught 
as the pentagram in the floor glowed with a rich red light. The symbols at the points of the 
pentagram began to bend and warp, pulling _off_ the floor as if they were painted on the air 
itself. The energy inside the pentagram began to feel sinister, shadows collecting in the 
corners of the room, despite the increasing glow. A deep bass hum reverberated around the room 
as the floor began to creak and vibrate. Goblin scrambled backward, back colliding with the wall 
as sparks began to appear from thin air inside the pentagram.

No... his back wasn't against the wall. He was still inside the pentagram. Turning, he found a 
deep red glow permeating the air, hot against his paw as if a solid object. Some sort of 
barrier. 

"You foolish pup." A deep yet distinctly feminine growl bounced inside his skull, as if spoken 
directly into his brain.

Goblin staggered, pain blossoming at the edges of the voices words. Dizziness overtook him. 
Voices? In his head? Just what had this tome made him do?

"You don't know what you've done, do you?" The voice confirmed. A smug yet mischievous 
inflection painting its words. Panic blossomed within him.

"You stood inside the pentagram, _and_ bound your soul? I would think you crazy..." The 
feminine growl almost laughing at him, its bassy reverberations bouncing around his skull. "But 
it's been so long since I've fed, I wouldn't want to look a gift-wolf in the mouth".

Confusion. Goblin cocked his head. Bound? Soul? Gift 'wolf'? He just did what the book told him 
to. Well... what he assumed it wanted him to do.

"Do you even know what you read, little pup?" The voice spoke down to him, a sadistic edge 
tinting its tone.

A tower of flames erupted from the centre of the Pentagram, a hellishly bright red glow 
permeating the room. Goblin shielded his eyes, both from the light and the heat. Then, just as 
quickly, it was gone.

Goblin dropped his paws. What he saw might as well have been the same flames. A tall black and 
purple wolf-kin stood before him. Wolf-kin, he assumed, due to its... additional features. 
Goblin guessed it had to be at least 7 feet tall. Deep purple horns sprouted from the top of its 
wolfish head, from in between its pointed pitch black ears. The horns curved up and back and 
then back down - eventually pointing forwards inline with the dark Wolf's snout, like some sort 
of elder caprinae. The deep, almost glowing, purple eyes of the beast locked with Goblins own. 
The Wolf's form was packed with muscle, Goblin began to find out as he tore his eyes from the 
horns - razor sharp tips gleaming in the red glow - and glanced down. It was strong- no. _She_ 
was strong. Goblin quickly concluded that fact as the bare and impressively gravity-defying 
breasts of the she-wolf took his attention. Deep purple areola, each pierced with a glowing 
purple metallic ring. A luscious tuft of midnight black Wolf fur reaching down between the two 
hauntingly sized breasts. Goblins breath hitched. And something else twitched.

It had been so long without a pack. So painfully long. He gulped as his sheath began to fatten, 
pants deforming as his body responded to the invitingly delicious breasts arrayed infront of him.

"I would say my eyes are up here, little pup." The voice- No, _her_ voice continued. Out loud 
this time- not in his head. "But you'll get plenty of time for that later". The she-wolf 
growled, an impressively sultry quality to her voice. She pressed a single claw to his sternum, 
pinning his back against the hot barrier that demarked the edge of the pentgram. 

"To answer your questions, little one" She began again, looking him up and down. Mostly down, 
given how much she towered over him. She moved closer, her height over him forcing him to look 
up at her, the tantalizing glow of her nipple piercings threatening to pull his attention again. 
"When you gifted The Tome your blood, you gifted me your _soul_". She growled, idly running a 
claw down his arm.

Grabbing his wrist and turning his palm upwards, "When you stepped inside the pentagram, you 
gifted me your _body_." She looked him down again, her other long clawed paw snaking down his 
front, lightly brushing his swolen and leaking sheath. His body responded involuntarily as a 
ragged gasp escaped his snout. "And with those..." she flicked her snout, gesturing towards the 
pentagram symbols that now floated above the ground, still glowing a deep red. "You gave me 
these things _forever_. Forever and ever, until the end of time." Her eyes snapped back to 
his.

Panic formed inside him. No... Surely not. He hadn't even expected it to work. But he began to 
realise, almost relievingly, that wasn't the only thing he felt. A deep desire began to burn 
inside him, like the flames of hell. Heating him from the inside out. _Why did that sound so good?_

Suddenly she released him, gazing around the room. Turning, she began to wander towards the side 
of the pentagram that fought for space with his meager Mann Co supplied belongings. Goblin 
couldn't help but watch her go. Hauntingly thick thighs fighting for space under her wide hips. 
Hips that were made for making litters. Goblin twitched again at that, a section of his length 
sliding from his sheath. Fighting for room inside his boxers. He barely noticed as his entire 
attention was stolen by the phat satanic shewolf ass swaying away from him, long midnight black 
tail swooshing after it. 

Goblin found himself frozen, unmoving.

Slowly glancing over his belongings, she eventually stopped, seemingly having found what she was 
looking for. Crouching down, she reached her arm _through_ the barrier surrounding the pentagram, 
the barrier parting for her arm like a set of sliding doors. She grabbed the container of rubber 
and plastic scraps that Mann Co had delivered him many weeks ago now. Plunging her hand into the 
container, she pulled out a glossy black ring. A shiny rubber-like material. With it pinched 
between her claws, she turned and stalked back to him.

Goblin hadn't noticed it before, perhaps too preoccupied with... everything else, but she bore a 
vibrant womb tattoo. The fur above her womanhood and across her toned belly inked a vibrant pink 
and purple gradient of hues. A glowing tattoo demarking her womb as a place of demonic 
persuasion. Again, those perfectly lewd and unequivocbly addicting breasts bouncing on her chest 
as she stalked towards him, sadistic gleam in her eyes. More of his throbbing manhood slid out of 
his sheath. A bead of slimy wolf precum darkened his pants as the remainder of his painfully 
unused cock forced its way out of his sheath. 

He was panting now, he couldn't help it. The heat was immense, as well as the feeling of being 
overwhelmed and insatiably horny simultaneously.

The torturously attractive shewolf grinned possessively down at him. With a single razor sharp 
claw, she shredded his pants. Scraps falling to the floor as his impressive wolfish length jumped 
out, throbbing angrily as it dripped slimy clear fluid. With a single elegant practice motion, 
the she-wolf stretched the shiny rubber-like ring in her paw, sliding it over his length until it 
rested snugly at the base of his canine cock. The sensation of her paw sliding over his length 
sparking lightning down his back. His back arched as a needy and unabashedly submissive moan 
escaped his maw. But no precum followed, the rubber cock-ring sealing tight against the base of 
his length. 

The she-wolf grinned, razor sharp teeth flashing before his eyes. "Good puppy... You're Lilith's 
pet now." She leaned in close, her snout near his ears, "And you don't get to do _anything_, 
without my permission" she growled deep and low. 

Pulling back, she grabbed him by the arms, moving him as if he weighed nothing at all. Laying him 
on his back in the middle of the pentagram, Lilith straddled him. Thick thighs blossoming 
outwards as they squished against his body. A single drop of her own arousal spilling against his 
length as it throbbed between them, sandwiched between her delicously hot purple snatch and his 
chest. Her womanhood bathing his length in devilish heat. 

A deep tingling began to form along his length as her arousal was pressed and massaged into it. 
The sensation moved downward until it centralised in his furry sac, the testacles within heaving 
and pulsing with need. The tingling sensation only seemed to grow more intense, Goblin beginning 
to squirm under the demon wolf, her wide hips pinning him in place. The sensation culminated with 
a powerful throb in his balls, as they suddenly grew in size and volume. Throbbing to twice their 
size and four times their weight, twin tattoos materialising on the furry surface of his sac. 
Matching in hue and colour to Liliths Womb tattoo, the newly formed tattoos on Goblins own balls 
throbbed and bristled with demonic energy as they pulsed along with his length.

Craning his neck, Goblin craved to get a glimps of that heated womanhood that had marked him, the 
slick vagina that was grinding against his length. He got a glimps of the lips, parting lewdly 
around the underside of his cock as she ground down into it.

_Interesting. She glows on the inside._ He thought. One of the last conscious thoughts he'd have 
before the mind-melting insanity of the eternal pleasures of Lilith, Wolf demon of desire.

---